Adds documentation for log type categories (#5181)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security-analytics/sec-analytics-config/log-types.md

# Supported log types

Logs contain raw data about events that happen throughout a system and in its separate parts. As of OpenSearch 2.11, log types are grouped by category to help select, filter, and search the log types. 

> To navigate to the **Log types** page, select **Log types** under **Detectors** in the **Security Analytics** navigation menu. The page shows the name of the log type, its description, its category, and identifies whether it's a standard OpenSearch-defined log type or a custom log type. The following image shows the **Log types** landing page with the Category column selected, and the **Category** filter you can use to filter the list by the category. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To navigate to the **Log types** page, select **Log types** under **Detectors** in the **Security Analytics** navigation menu. The page shows the name of the log type, its description, its category, and identifies whether it's a standard OpenSearch-defined log type or a custom log type. The following image shows the **Log types** landing page with the Category column selected and the **Category** filter you can use to filter the list by the category. 
```

<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/Security/c-log-type.png" alt="The Log types landing page." width="85%">

The following table shows the log types that are currently supported by Security Analytics for ingestion, mapping, and monitoring. 

| Category | Log type | Description | 

> | :--- |:--- |:--- 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| :--- |:--- |:--- |
```

> | Access Management | `Ad_ldap` | Active Directory logs that track such things as LDAP queries, errors from the LDAP server, time-out events, and unsecure LDAP binds. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Access Management | `Ad_ldap` | Active Directory logs that track LDAP queries, errors from the LDAP server, timeout events, and unsecure LDAP binds. |
```

> | Access Management | `Ad_ldap` | Active Directory logs that track such things as LDAP queries, errors from the LDAP server, time-out events, and unsecure LDAP binds. |

Reviewer 3: previously it was called AD / LDAP logs. Why did we rename it to "Ad_ldap"?

> | Access Management | `Ad_ldap` | Active Directory logs that track LDAP queries, errors from the LDAP server, timeout events, and unsecure LDAP binds. |

Reviewer: Confirm sentence case for the first column.

> | Access Management | `Apache_access` | Apache Access logs that record data for all requests processed by an Apache HTTP server. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Access Management | `Apache_access` | Apache access logs that record data for all requests processed by an Apache HTTP server. |
```

> | Access Management | `Apache_access` | A log type that is responsible for recording data for all requests processed by an Apache HTTP server. |

Reviewer 3: Is there a reason that we are renaming the log types to be shorter and removing proper case for each? Why not call it Apache Access ?

> | Access Management | `Okta` | Okta logs that record Okta events from a range of actions such as downloading an export file, requesting an application access, or revoking privileges. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Access Management | `Okta` | Okta logs that record Okta events from a range of actions, such as downloading an export file, requesting application access, or revoking privileges. |
```

| Applications | `GitHub` | GitHub logs that monitor workflows created by [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/understanding-github-actions). |

> | Applications| `Gworkspace` | Google Workspace logs that monitor log entries such as admin actions, group and group membership actions, and events having to do with logging in. |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Applications| `Gworkspace` | Google Workspace logs that monitor log entries such as admin actions, group and group membership actions, and events related to logging in. |  
```

> | Applications| `M365` | Microsoft 365 audit logs that collect a range of data for Microsoft 365 including records from call details, performance data, SQL Server, security events, and access control activity. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Applications| `M365` | Microsoft 365 audit logs that collect a range of data for Microsoft 365, including records from call details, performance data, SQL Server, security events, and access control activity. |
```

> | Cloud Services | `Azure` | Logs that monitor log data for cloud applications managed by Microsoft Azure Cloud Services. |

Reviewer 3: Azure isnt descriptive. Can we rename this appropriately? Whats the exact log type we are monitoring?

> | Cloud Services | `Azure` | Microsoft Azure logs that monitor log data for cloud applications managed by Microsoft Azure Cloud Services. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cloud Services | `Azure` | Microsoft Azure logs that monitor log data for cloud applications managed by Azure Cloud Services. |
```

> | Cloud Services | `CloudTrail` | Logs that monitor events for an AWS CloudTrail account. OpenSearch can ingest CloudTrail log data from both [AWS Simple Storage Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/Welcome.html) (S3) accounts and [Amazon Security Lake](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/security-lake/latest/userguide/what-is-security-lake.html) service accounts. | 

Reviewer 3: AWS CloudTrail is the proper name

> | Cloud Services | `CloudTrail` | AWS CloudTrail logs that monitor events for an AWS CloudTrail account. OpenSearch can ingest CloudTrail log data from both [AWS Simple Storage Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/Welcome.html) (S3) accounts and [Amazon Security Lake](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/security-lake/latest/userguide/what-is-security-lake.html) service accounts. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cloud Services | `CloudTrail` | AWS CloudTrail logs that monitor events for an AWS CloudTrail account. OpenSearch can ingest CloudTrail log data from both [Amazon Simple Storage Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/Welcome.html) (Amazon S3) accounts and [Amazon Security Lake](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/security-lake/latest/userguide/what-is-security-lake.html) service accounts. | 
```

> | Cloud Services | `S3` | These logs track requests for access to an Amazon S3 bucket. |

Reviewer 3: Amazon S3. For all the descriptions, can we be more specific on what specific logs are we capturing? Is this referring to Amazon S3 audit logs?

> | Cloud Services | `S3` | AWS S3 logs that track requests for access to an Amazon S3 bucket. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cloud Services | `S3` | Amazon S3 logs that track requests for access to an S3 bucket. |
```

> | Network Activity| `Dns` | DNS logs that store Domain Name System (DNS) activity. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Network Activity| `Dns` | DNS logs that store DNS activity. |
```

> | Network Activity| `Dns` | A log that stores Domain Name System (DNS) activity. Security Analytics supports [Open Cybersecurity Schema Framework](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/security-lake/latest/userguide/open-cybersecurity-schema-framework.html) (OCSF) log and event data, which includes the Security Lake log type Route 53. Given that Route 53 is a log that captures DNS activity, its log type should be specified as DNS logs when defining a detector. |

Reviewer 3: DNS. Not sure why we talk about OCSF here. The assumption is that this table doesnt care about the specific format (eg: OCSF, ECS) . It is a table that mainly talks about the supported log types and categories

| Network Activity | `Network` | Network logs that record events that happen in a system's network, such as login attempts and application events. | 

> | Network Activity | `vpcflow` | [VPC Flow Logs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/logging-monitoring-for-application-owners/vpc-flow-logs.html) that capture information about the IP traffic going to and from network interfaces in your VPC. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Network Activity | `vpcflow` | [VPC Flow Logs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/logging-monitoring-for-application-owners/vpc-flow-logs.html) that capture information about the IP traffic going to and from network interfaces in your virtual private cloud (VPC). |
```

> | Security | `Waf` | Web Application Firewall (WAF) logs (introduced in OpenSearch 2.11) for users that require monitoring of the WAF use case that's provided out-of-the box in the Security plugin. The role of WAF is to monitor and filter HTTP traffic between a web application and the internet. WAF prevents common security attacks, such as cross-site scripting (XSS), SQL Injection (SQi), and so on. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Security | `Waf` | Web Application Firewall (WAF) logs (introduced in OpenSearch 2.11) for users that require monitoring of the WAF use case that's provided out of the box in the Security plugin. The role of WAF is to monitor and filter HTTP traffic between a web application and the internet. WAF prevents common security attacks, such as cross-site scripting (XSS) and SQL Injection (SQi). |
```

> | Security | `Waf` | Web Application Firewall (WAF) logs (introduced in OpenSearch 2.11) for users that require monitoring of the WAF use case that's provided out-of-the box in the Security plugin. The role of WAF is to monitor and filter HTTP traffic between a web application and the internet. WAF prevents common security attacks, such as cross-site scripting (XSS), SQL Injection (SQi), and so on. |

Reviewer: Are we referring to AWS WAF here? If so, the service name must always be "AWS WAF", never shortened to "WAF", and we don't define WAF as "Web Application Firewall". Instead, we say "AWS WAF is a web application firewall."

> | Security | `Waf` | Web Application Firewall (WAF) logs (introduced in OpenSearch 2.11) for users that require monitoring of the WAF use case that's provided out-of-the box from the Security plugin. The role of WAF is to monitor and filter HTTP traffic between a web application and the internet. It is tasked wth preventing common security attacks such as cross-site scripting (XSS), SQL Injection (SQi), and so on. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Security | `Waf` | Web Application Firewall (WAF) logs (introduced in OpenSearch 2.11) for users that require monitoring of the WAF use case that's provided out-of-the box in the Security plugin. The role of WAF is to monitor and filter HTTP traffic between a web application and the internet. WAF prevents common security attacks, such as cross-site scripting (XSS), SQL Injection (SQi), and so on. |
```

> | System Activity | `Linux` | Linux System logs that record syslog events on Linux. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| System Activity | `Linux` | Linux system logs that record Linux syslog events. |
```

> | System Activity | `Windows` | Windows logs that record events that have happened in the operating system, applications, and other system services for Windows. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| System Activity | `Windows` | Windows logs that record events that have happened in the operating system, applications, and other Windows system services. |
```

> | Security | `Waf` |  The role of WAF (Web Application Firewall) is to monitor and filter HTTP traffic between a web application and the internet. It is tasked wth preventing common security attacks such as cross-site scripting (XSS), SQL Injection (SQi), and so on. This new log type (introduced in OpenSearch 2.11) is for users that require monitoring for the WAF use case out-of-the box from the Security plugin. |

Reviewer 3: we need to rename almost all the log types and use proper case and acronyms, including updating description with the detailed log types we support

> | System Activity | `Linux` | Logs that record events on Linux. |

Reviewer 3: We need to be more specific. What linux logs are we talking about?

Reviewer 4: syslog
